docs: how to copy staging db to local development server (#342)
Nix-Security-WG/nix-security-tracker: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Resetting the database

In order to start over, delete the database and recreate it, then restore it from staging, and (just in case the dump is behind the code) run migrations.

> [!NOTE]
> For now this requires SSH access to the staging environment. In the future you will be able to download a publicly available dump.

```bash
dropdb nix-security-tracker
sudo -u postgres createdb -O nix-security-tracker nix-security-tracker

> ssh sectracker.nixpkgs.lahfa.xyz "sudo -u postgres pg_dump --create web-security-tracker | zstd" | zstdcat | sed 's|web-security-tracker|nix-security-tracker|g' | pv | psql

Reviewer: Please make that an *addition* so we don't lose track of the direct-from-dump workflow.

Author: done

manage migrate
```

> If you have SSH access to the staging environment, you can instead dump and restore a fresh dump:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have SSH access to the staging environment, you can instead dump and restore the latest state directly:
```
